README.md, before:

# HireTestTakers.com

A marketplace platform connecting individuals who need test-taking services with qualified test-takers, featuring secure cryptocurrency payments.

## 🎯 Overview

HireTestTakers.com enables users to:
- **Post test-taking opportunities** with cryptocurrency compensation
- **Apply to complete tests** and earn cryptocurrency
- **Communicate securely** between hirers and test-takers
- **Process payments** using multiple cryptocurrencies via CryptAPI.io
- **View real-time exchange rates** via Tatum.io

## 🚀 Features

### For Test Hirers
- Create and manage test listings
- Set prices in cryptocurrency (single price or range)
- View USD equivalent pricing
- Review and manage applicants
- Direct messaging with applicants
- Approve/reject applications
- Process cryptocurrency payments upon completion

### For Test Takers
- Browse available test opportunities
- Apply to tests with custom messages
- Track application status (pending, approved, rejected, hired)
- View tests in progress and completed
- Receive cryptocurrency payments
- Message with hirers

### Platform Features
- Supabase authentication with email verification
- Avatar upload and profile management
- Real-time exchange rate display (crypto to USD/other fiats)
- Secure cryptocurrency payment processing
- Application and payment tracking
- Message history

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

### Frontend
- **Framework**: SvelteKit
- **Styling**: TailwindCSS
- **Language**: JavaScript (ESM, Node.js 20+)

### Backend
- **Database**: Supabase (PostgreSQL)
- **Authentication**: Supabase Auth
- **Storage**: Supabase Storage (avatars)
- **API Routes**: SvelteKit endpoints

### External Services
- **Payment Processing**: [CryptAPI.io](https://cryptapi.io)
- **Exchange Rates**: [Tatum.io](https://tatum.io)

### Development Tools
- **Package Manager**: pnpm
- **Testing**: Mocha + Chai
- **Linting**: ESLint
- **Formatting**: Prettier

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Node.js 20 or newer
- pnpm (install via `npm install -g pnpm`)
- Docker and Docker Compose (for self-hosted Supabase)
- CryptAPI.io account
- Tatum.io API key

## 🔧 Installation

**For detailed setup instructions, see [SETUP.md](./SETUP.md)**

### Quick Start

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/hiretesttakers-web.git
cd hiretesttakers-web
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
pnpm install
```

3. Set up self-hosted Supabase with Docker:
```bash
# Clone Supabase Docker repository
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/supabase/supabase
cd supabase/docker

# Copy the example environment file
cp .env.example .env

# Start Supabase services
docker compose up -d

# Return to project directory
cd ../../hiretesttakers-web
```

4. Set up environment variables:
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

Edit `.env` with your credentials:
```env
# Supabase (Self-Hosted)
PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL=http://localhost:8000
PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_anon_key_from_docker_env
SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY=your_service_role_key_from_docker_env

# Database Connection (for backups)
DATABASE_URL=postgresql://postgres:your_postgres_password@localhost:5432/postgres

# CryptAPI.io
CRYPTAPI_CALLBACK_URL=your_callback_url
CRYPTAPI_DESTINATION_ADDRESS=your_crypto_address

# Tatum.io
TATUM_API_KEY=your_tatum_api_key
```

5. Initialize Supabase CLI and run migrations:
```bash
pnpx supabase init
pnpx supabase db push
```

## 🚀 Development

Start the development server:
```bash
pnpm run dev
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:5173`

### Database Management

Initial setup (automated):
```bash
pnpm run db:setup
```

Export database (backup):
```bash
pnpm run db:export
```

Import database (restore):
```bash
pnpm run db:import
```

View Supabase Studio (database UI):
```bash
# Supabase Studio is available at http://localhost:8000
```

## 🧪 Testing

Run tests:
```bash
pnpm test
```

Run tests in watch mode:
```bash
pnpm test:watch
```

Run tests with coverage:
```bash
pnpm test:coverage
```

## 🏗️ Building

Build for production:
```bash
pnpm run build
```

Preview production build:
```bash
pnpm run preview
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
hiretesttakers-web/
├── src/
│   ├── lib/
│   │   ├── components/     # Svelte components
│   │   ├── stores/         # Svelte stores
│   │   ├── utils/          # Utility functions
│   │   └── services/       # API service modules
│   ├── routes/             # SvelteKit routes
│   │   ├── api/            # API endpoints
│   │   ├── auth/           # Authentication pages
│   │   ├── tests/          # Test listing pages
│   │   ├── applications/   # Application pages
│   │   └── profile/        # User profile pages
│   └── app.html            # HTML template
├── supabase/
│   └── migrations/         # Database migrations
├── tests/                  # Test files
├── static/                 # Static assets
├── PRD.md                  # Product Requirements Document
├── TODO.md                 # Development task list
└── README.md               # This file
```

## 🗄️ Database Schema

### Core Tables
- **users**: User profiles and authentication
- **tests**: Test listings created by hirers
- **applications**: Test taker applications
- **messages**: Direct messaging between users
- **payments**: Cryptocurrency payment tracking

See [PRD.md](./PRD.md) for detailed schema definitions.

## 🔐 Security

- Email verification required for all accounts
- Row Level Security (RLS) enabled on all tables
- Secure file uploads with size and type validation
- Input validation and sanitization
- Webhook signature verification for payments
- No storage of private keys or sensitive payment data

## 📚 API Documentation

### CryptAPI.io Integration
- **Ticker Create**: Generate payment addresses
- **Webhooks**: Receive payment confirmations
- **Supported Coins**: BTC, ETH, USDT, and more

### Tatum.io Integration
- **Exchange Rates**: Real-time crypto to fiat conversion
- **Supported Pairs**: BTC/USD, ETH/USD, USDT/USD, etc.

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

### Development Guidelines
- Follow the KISS principle (Keep It Simple, Stupid)
- Write tests first (TDD approach)
- Use ESM modules exclusively
- Follow ESLint and Prettier configurations
- Create new Supabase migrations (never modify existing ones)
- Use `pnpx supabase migrations new` for new migrations

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [Supabase](https://supabase.com) for backend infrastructure
- [CryptAPI.io](https://cryptapi.io) for payment processing
- [Tatum.io](https://tatum.io) for exchange rate data
- [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev) for the framework

## 📞 Support

For support, email support@hiretesttakers.com or open an issue in the repository.

## 🗺️ Roadmap

See [TODO.md](./TODO.md) for current development tasks and [PRD.md](./PRD.md) for future enhancements.

---

Built with ❤️ using SvelteKit and Supabase

Commit message:

Removes development prompts and simplifies setup process
Eliminates the detailed development prompts file that contained 13 feature-specific build instructions, as the project structure is now established.

Updates README to highlight the automated setup script that streamlines initial configuration by prompting for environment variables and running database migrations automatically.

Provides fallback manual setup instructions for users who prefer granular control over the initialization process.

README.md, after:

# HireTestTakers.com

A marketplace platform connecting individuals who need test-taking services with qualified test-takers, featuring secure cryptocurrency payments.

## 🎯 Overview

HireTestTakers.com enables users to:
- **Post test-taking opportunities** with cryptocurrency compensation
- **Apply to complete tests** and earn cryptocurrency
- **Communicate securely** between hirers and test-takers
- **Process payments** using multiple cryptocurrencies via CryptAPI.io
- **View real-time exchange rates** via Tatum.io

## 🚀 Features

### For Test Hirers
- Create and manage test listings
- Set prices in cryptocurrency (single price or range)
- View USD equivalent pricing
- Review and manage applicants
- Direct messaging with applicants
- Approve/reject applications
- Process cryptocurrency payments upon completion

### For Test Takers
- Browse available test opportunities
- Apply to tests with custom messages
- Track application status (pending, approved, rejected, hired)
- View tests in progress and completed
- Receive cryptocurrency payments
- Message with hirers

### Platform Features
- Supabase authentication with email verification
- Avatar upload and profile management
- Real-time exchange rate display (crypto to USD/other fiats)
- Secure cryptocurrency payment processing
- Application and payment tracking
- Message history

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

### Frontend
- **Framework**: SvelteKit
- **Styling**: TailwindCSS
- **Language**: JavaScript (ESM, Node.js 20+)

### Backend
- **Database**: Supabase (PostgreSQL)
- **Authentication**: Supabase Auth
- **Storage**: Supabase Storage (avatars)
- **API Routes**: SvelteKit endpoints

### External Services
- **Payment Processing**: [CryptAPI.io](https://cryptapi.io)
- **Exchange Rates**: [Tatum.io](https://tatum.io)

### Development Tools
- **Package Manager**: pnpm
- **Testing**: Mocha + Chai
- **Linting**: ESLint
- **Formatting**: Prettier

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Node.js 20 or newer
- pnpm (install via `npm install -g pnpm`)
- Docker and Docker Compose (for self-hosted Supabase)
- CryptAPI.io account
- Tatum.io API key

## 🔧 Installation

**For detailed setup instructions, see [SETUP.md](./SETUP.md)**

### Quick Start

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/hiretesttakers-web.git
cd hiretesttakers-web
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
pnpm install
```

3. Set up self-hosted Supabase with Docker:
```bash
# Clone Supabase Docker repository
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/supabase/supabase
cd supabase/docker

# Copy the example environment file
cp .env.example .env

# Start Supabase services
docker compose up -d

# Return to project directory
cd ../../hiretesttakers-web
```

4. Run the automated setup script:
```bash
pnpm run setup
```

This will:
- Copy `.env.example` to `.env`
- Prompt you for required environment variables
- Initialize Supabase CLI
- Run database migrations
- Set up the database schema

Alternatively, you can set up manually:

```bash
# Copy environment file
cp .env.example .env

# Edit .env with your credentials
# Then initialize Supabase
pnpx supabase init
pnpx supabase db push
```

## 🚀 Development

Start the development server:
```bash
pnpm run dev
```

The application will be available at `http://localhost:5173`

### Database Management

Initial setup (automated):
```bash
pnpm run db:setup
```

Export database (backup):
```bash
pnpm run db:export
```

Import database (restore):
```bash
pnpm run db:import
```

View Supabase Studio (database UI):
```bash
# Supabase Studio is available at http://localhost:8000
```

## 🧪 Testing

Run tests:
```bash
pnpm test
```

Run tests in watch mode:
```bash
pnpm test:watch
```

Run tests with coverage:
```bash
pnpm test:coverage
```

## 🏗️ Building

Build for production:
```bash
pnpm run build
```

Preview production build:
```bash
pnpm run preview
```

## 📁 Project Structure

```
hiretesttakers-web/
├── src/
│   ├── lib/
│   │   ├── components/     # Svelte components
│   │   ├── stores/         # Svelte stores
│   │   ├── utils/          # Utility functions
│   │   └── services/       # API service modules
│   ├── routes/             # SvelteKit routes
│   │   ├── api/            # API endpoints
│   │   ├── auth/           # Authentication pages
│   │   ├── tests/          # Test listing pages
│   │   ├── applications/   # Application pages
│   │   └── profile/        # User profile pages
│   └── app.html            # HTML template
├── supabase/
│   └── migrations/         # Database migrations
├── tests/                  # Test files
├── static/                 # Static assets
├── PRD.md                  # Product Requirements Document
├── TODO.md                 # Development task list
└── README.md               # This file
```

## 🗄️ Database Schema

### Core Tables
- **users**: User profiles and authentication
- **tests**: Test listings created by hirers
- **applications**: Test taker applications
- **messages**: Direct messaging between users
- **payments**: Cryptocurrency payment tracking

See [PRD.md](./PRD.md) for detailed schema definitions.

## 🔐 Security

- Email verification required for all accounts
- Row Level Security (RLS) enabled on all tables
- Secure file uploads with size and type validation
- Input validation and sanitization
- Webhook signature verification for payments
- No storage of private keys or sensitive payment data

## 📚 API Documentation

### CryptAPI.io Integration
- **Ticker Create**: Generate payment addresses
- **Webhooks**: Receive payment confirmations
- **Supported Coins**: BTC, ETH, USDT, and more

### Tatum.io Integration
- **Exchange Rates**: Real-time crypto to fiat conversion
- **Supported Pairs**: BTC/USD, ETH/USD, USDT/USD, etc.

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

### Development Guidelines
- Follow the KISS principle (Keep It Simple, Stupid)
- Write tests first (TDD approach)
- Use ESM modules exclusively
- Follow ESLint and Prettier configurations
- Create new Supabase migrations (never modify existing ones)
- Use `pnpx supabase migrations new` for new migrations

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- [Supabase](https://supabase.com) for backend infrastructure
- [CryptAPI.io](https://cryptapi.io) for payment processing
- [Tatum.io](https://tatum.io) for exchange rate data
- [SvelteKit](https://kit.svelte.dev) for the framework

## 📞 Support

For support, email support@hiretesttakers.com or open an issue in the repository.

## 🗺️ Roadmap

See [TODO.md](./TODO.md) for current development tasks and [PRD.md](./PRD.md) for future enhancements.

---

Built with ❤️ using SvelteKit and Supabase
